The problem with cancer
Using Rife technology to deal with cancer isn’t simply a matter of killing cancer cells. There’s much more to it
than that. Cancer cells produce many poisonous byproducts as they furiously reproduce. When you kill a cancer
cell, it’s likely to rupture and release its toxic contents. At best, it may retain cell wall integrity until nature and
time take over. Then it spills its poisons.

So, depending on the extent of the cancer, and the rate at which you kill it, you’re going to have countless dead
cancer cells in your body, all of them carrying – or leaking – poison. While our healthy cells are constantly dying
and being replaced, these are not filled with toxins, and they’re not all dying at the same time, so our body systems
can deal with this natural process without problems.

Dr. Royal Raymond Rife treated his cancer patients for five minutes a day every third day. He limited his
treatments in this way so as not to overwhelm patients with toxins from killed cells, and to allow their body
systems and organs enough time to deal with the cleanup of the destruction his treatment had achieved.

There’s a very good reason for what he did: toxic overload can shut down the liver and kidneys very quickly, and
can even kill. At that time, only killing frequencies existed – detox and support frequencies came later.

So you have to get all this dangerous rubble out of the body as quickly as possible. And you do that by using detox
frequencies. Doing this prevents the pollutants from settling, and keeps them moving so that they enter the
bloodstream, the lymphatic system, and the intestines. And this is where the next problem arises.

The eliminatory system consists of the liver, the kidneys, the intestines, the lungs, and the skin, but only the first
two need concern us here. Even a healthy body would find it difficult and damaging to try to cope with an internal
tidal wave of toxins like this, so a body weakened by cancer and the ravages of certain other treatments would be
brought under great strain – unless the liver, kidneys, and intestines were actively supported.